[Autogenerated] Let's see where we are now.
We started building the demo application and decoupled
to web player from the service layer.
By using spring integration,
you've learned about the different ways you can configure
spring integration components using XML,
Jaffa annotations and the spring integration domain specific language.
We took a closer look at the service activator,
which is a message endpoint that you can use to call a business logic
component to handle messages sent to a channel.
You also have a good grip on the different message.
Colonel implementations The message Channels can be divided into
subscribe double channels and possible channels and point to point and
published subscribe channels in the next module.
We're going to continue with the demo application.
We're going to split it into two separate applications,
the front and on the back end.
And we're going to use a message broker to handle the messaging between them. Let's continue with the next module